any other neat bullet I would be out of
their mixture people think I would be I
would love to hear from el de contar
love to be that tolls even just one day
but i'd love to hear the Linda Collins
mouth she's waves and still is and very
crafty and was very sneaky on court so
we were staying in a neat ball game I
think could have to be actually last
year watching and salut and from the
magic she did a massive forward roly
poly off the court it was actually
outstanding and she managed to walk away
from it so she did him that's a dive off
the court rolly polly stood a third and
wave to the crowd and it was pretty
awesome vicinage i would have heard
would be just the old general what do
you want that or the good better of it
was useless the worse systems are wrong
with would be probably another day when
she was playing with julie single she
and she still is and then so it makes
she
have her clothes all over the room and
sure to be brewery washing be everywhere
you'd be walking through all their stuff
and there'd be no segregation so yep she
would have to be differently yeah not my
favorite person to room I wasn't a neat
Willa and going to olympics I would love
to be equestrian yeah I used to ride
when I was younger so I think a bit
awesome to be go to the Olympics for
starters but yeah I think coach is
equestrian the best school in cliche
would around would have to be taking one
game at a time I wish to mr. Chu
upcoming would have to be pining I'm I
don't even until recently I didn't even
own an iron and then I've been donated
in an ironing board so get ironing is
definitely something that I am not good
at and I do often I'm a baker so my
signature dish would have to be a
caramel slice love making the caramel
/hi refuse around the house to do
cleaning up others after other people I
think that making me see cleaned out
yourself perfect day for me would
consist of a relax love sleeping so not
too long but wake up a nice sunny
morning and take bella my dog for a walk
in the forest or down to the beach enjoy
coffee with friends of family and then
in a nice home-cooked meal I am learning
to play the guitar I was Prime Minister
for a day I would ensure it was free
parking near aware they pay for the
parking
he's the only such a great place because
everywhere you go there's always
something amazing yes the scenery is
activities you can do and generally were
pretty friendly friendly group of people
so he always going to be welcomed really
goes well